## Semantic coupling using vector space model
Vector space model (VSM), also known as term vector model, is a commonly used
model for representing text documents (and any objects, in general) as vectors of
identifiers.
If two classes have high cosine similarity means the semantic coupling between the two
classes is high. The tool returns the top k most similar Java classes for a given Java
class.

#### Folder Structure
There are four files inside `src/main/java/` folder:

1. Dictionary.java: the class that calculates idfs, invertedIndex, buildInvertedIndex.
2. JavaClass.java: the class representing single Java file, calculate the cosine similarity between this document and the given document.
3. SemanticCoupling.java: main class for building the vector space model and ranking the Java files.
4. Utility.java: the class which contains some utility functions.

target folder contains the executable JAR with dependencies named assignment-2.0.jar.

To run jar and get the results type following command:
>`java -jar target/assignment-2.0.jar <path/to/class-test-1> CanReadFileFilter.java 1`

#### Results:
The tool will return CanWriteFileFilter.java with the similarity score 0.66.

Besides, there are 4 intermediate files generated in the project folder. The files are
generated by two methods: dumpDictionaryToDisk and dumpJavaClassToDisk.
The description of these files are as follows:

a. idfs.txt: the idf information of the corpus
b. tfidf.txt: the tf.idf representation of the target Java file.
c. tf.txt: the term frequency of the tokens in the target Java file.
d. invertedIndex.txt: the inverted index of the corpus.

 ##### @author: Khyatibahen Chaudhary
